[SYCL][DOC] Update the 'constraints' for the complex specification (#12649)
intel/llvm: sycl/doc/extensions/experimental/sycl_ext_oneapi_complex.asciidoc

functions, which returns the real and imaginary component of a number,
respectively.

> Note: The overload of the functions `real(T)` and `imag(T)` matches the
> behavior in ISO C++ where `T` would be treated as a complex number with a zero
> imaginary component. This is subject to the constraint that `T` must be one of
> the types `float`, `double`, `sycl::half`, or evaluate to `true` for
> `std::is_integral`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[_Note:_ The overloads of the functions `real(T)` and `imag(T)` match the
behavior in ISO C++ where `T` would be treated as a complex number with a zero
imaginary component. This is subject to the constraint that `T` must be one of
the types `float`, `double`, `sycl::half`, or evaluate to `true` for
`std::is_integral`.
_{endnote}_]
```

To make this work, you'll also have to add the following at the top of the file, under the `:dpcpp:` definition:
```
:endnote: &#8212;{nbsp}end{nbsp}note
```
